This video will talk about a system that can bring economic revolution to all the people in the world; this system is Binetron club, a decentralized system-based plan. The great personality started this system, genius Mr Prakyath sir, an entrepreneur in Dubai who has successfully run more than 181 projects and companies in the last ten years. He saw immense opportunities in MLM industries, but every plan is failing; people are getting cheated, losing trust in these industries, getting upset, and these industries are becoming infamous. He researched this issue and found all the reasons for the failure. To make MLM industries proud, he has brought a solid and excellent system so that every leader can proudly tell the world that he is a networker. Like engineers, doctors and lawyers take pride in their profession, similarly, a networker should be able to take pride in their profession. The system that prevents failure has some unique points.


First- re-commitment 
second- future safety fund 
Third- blockchain smart contract
fourth- restart command 
And fifth - DAPP BROWSER  


With these unique points, the system will run forever; there will never be any breakdown, there will never be any change, and most importantly, there will be no loss. Let us understand it in detail.


FIRST - Re commitment 
Due to the absence of any condition in the system, people join for some time and leave the system after earning money. Due to this, the system's payload increases, and the system shuts down due to a lack of people. But due to re-commitment in Binetron Club, if any id earns 5x the amount, then he has to upgrade his id to a new package to get the benefits of team business. By doing this, people will remain in the system, and the system will become stronger.


SECOND - future safety fund 
We have seen in many companies that the participants who came in the last have to bear the loss. Due to an increase in payload and fewer people remaining, the system shut down. 
Due to this, people get cheated; Future Safety Fund has been created in Binetronclub so that the participant who comes in last does not suffer loss. In this, 10% of the money we earn from the system will go to the Future Safety Fund. This fund will be used for the last participants, so they do not face any loss. Everyone will be satisfied with this innovative idea, and no one will be at a loss.


THIRD - blockchain smart contract 
So far, we have seen that whatever plans came, they were closed at some point or the other because they were based on web pages, and an admin runs them. Prakyath Sir has brought the system on Blockchain Smart Contract and Dapp Browser. 
Binetron Club has three unique aspects. The first one is the TRON blockchain, the second one is the decentralized-based plan which does not have any administrator, and the third one is the digital currency named USDT. These three will make the transaction fast, secure and transparent. Being a smart contract, no changes can be made to it. Even its developers cannot make any changes to it. The hold of the developers on the system is only till the launch of the system. From the day this system is launched, the hold of the developers' team will also be removed from this system. The entire system will run the same way as the command has been given.


FOURTH - restart command 
The plans that come in this industry close at some point. To overcome this problem, a restart command has been given in Binetron Club, which is an algorithm. When there will be one crore active IDs in the system, then this system will automatically take a restart command. For those who have not earned a single penny from the system, 100% amount will be refunded to their wallet from Future Safety Fund. For example, someone with an ID of $100 and who earned $70 will get a refund of $30.
If you want, you can withdraw from the system or stay in the system. Due to this system being decentralized, it will continue to run like this for years.


FIFTH - DAPP browser:
Any admin does not control the Dapp browser. It is a decentralized open-source code that connects to millions of computers' servers.
Dapp Browser is specifically designed to revolutionize crypto and web 3.0 technology.


For more information, visit www.binetronclub.com or contact a Binetron Club member


